Ron and John was going somewhere
suddenly they saw something strange this
soy dragon so they were very frightened
he knew what to do there is a dragon
there is a dragon so Ron said to John if
this is a dragon and if he is not our
friend he will try to kill us but he was
very friendly look he's smiling
look he is smiling so that means he
wants to do friendship with us yes
you're correct Ron yes John so let's
meet him and say hello hello I am wrong
and this is John what's your name my
name is Drago and I am very hungry
I am NOT able to find something to eat
can you show me why should what right
what do you want to eat I want something
very tasty and very hot okay so what you
can have you can have some food which
was left in our backyard so let me call
the let me call the garbage truck you
will give it you shall find something to
eat yeah so they call the garbage truck
and the garbage truck came running
hey Ron hey Don hi
why did you call me he's our friend
Drago and he wants to eat something can
you give him something to eat
sure I can use I have so much waste sir
and it will be useful for him he can eat
it so he turned off his garbage in front
of Krakow and he was very happy but it
has to turn John very happy to see him
eating all the garbage stuff